---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Daily Plan 3
description: Third week of school - Customizing Snake Game
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 3} }
---

> ## Plan for Unit 1 / Week 3
> Overall: Customize [Snake Game](http://localhost:4200/student//2023/08/31/Snake_Game.html) and prep for Live Review
- Monday: DAY OFF (Labor Day).
- Tuesday:  Open the notebook in teacher repository "javascript-output-jquery-ipynb" and study the format. Present Live Review for Student Notebook (Time Box) check (1.9/2).
- Wednesday: Customize [Snake Game](http://localhost:4200/student//2023/08/31/Snake_Game.html) to have apples, circles, and different colors. Still learning how to separate the Snake from Apple
- Thursday: We talked and planned out our summary for the Pair Showcase. We update our weekly plans, summary, and hacks and review tickets. We also went to ChatGPT to experiment and investigate how to separate the snake from the dot. After many failed attempt and days of trying, we still havent found a solution.
- Friday: Pair show  case and Pep Rally

> ### Partner Live Reiview prep
> ##### Teacher requirements on canvas:
- Ask Teacher questions and interact with them on Slack or live by end of Tue, Wed…. particularly interact with Teacher when you have posted a draft of your plan. This would be considered Collaboration. Try to get feedback from Teacher on Plan.
- Review code with ChatGPT, perhaps ask "Can you provide a review of this code?" Then paste in code. Curate response into page(s). Show how this was done.
- Make a plan on what you and your Pair plan to do, this must exist by Monday night. You should have proof in live review of a draft in GitHub Issues history.
- Results must have Linux and interaction in VSCode (Jupyter Notebook)
- Results must have Web interaction in JavaScript
- Snake Game try to make Apple square red or add red apple; or add WASD keys.
- Build a review ticket with pair in Time Box page to accelerate discussion.
- Bring ticket and tangibles into GitHub pages repo on you Time Box page.
- Plan your Pair Showcase, know exactly what you will present. Try to do it within 3 minutes.
- Teacher posts for Linux Shell and Bash, JS Output w/Jquery. Review Snake Game.
    - Option 1. Add to the lessons and snake game making code cells in Jupyter Notebooks and hacks in Markdown for better understanding
    - Option 2. Combine all the concepts/requirements into something unique and you feel is awesome.
- Show Personalized edits:
    - Home page picture
    - Changes to snake game
    - Daily plans, hacks, and review ticket summary
    - [Docs plan](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-4ByhhPd238rNkGNqBV02c3qRuaN6h8c7qM-225BeUU/edit)